MUD Script Part 2
4.  (Index 3) In the morning, your team is a little queasy so you send two teammates to hunt for breakfast in a nearby forest.  When your comrades do not return in due time, you go searching for them and find that they have fallen into a pit designed to keep intelopers away from the realm of the Woodland Fairies.  The fairies are about to use their woodland magic to turn your teammates into salamanders.  
	A.  Abandon your friends to a fate of eating grubs and trying to keep their skin moist.
	B.  Kill the fairies and use a linked list to pull your friends out of the pit.
	C.  Prince Steve, who has been useless up to this point, communicates with the fairies through interpretive dance, and convinces them to release his friends.
5.   (Index 4) The fairies, now convinced that you are not a threat to their forest, provide the team with a hearty breakfast of leafy greens and roasted locusts, which are surprisingly tasty and filling.  The fairies are normally a cheerful sort, but they are so saddened by the story of Princess Stephanie's impending demise that they begin to weep.  You then...
	A.  Set out on the path once again, chuckling to yourself at the fairies' apparent emotional instability. 
	B.  Finish your breakfast in silence because things just got awkward with your fairy hostesses.
	C.  Order Prince Steve to dance again in an attempt to amuse and cheer up the fairies.
	*D. You realized that fairy tears have magical properties, so you catch the tears in a flask for safekeeping.
6.	(Index 5) Conscious of your teams' collective inexperience as mercenaries, you take a detour to the top of a nearby mountain to consult with Ambray, the legendary wisened wizard.  Speaking only in parables and arcane low level syllogisms, Ambray advises you to find the answers you seek in the writings of others who have come before you which are recorded on endless scrolls in the library of Wiknowlogia.  Pondering this advise, you...
 	*A.  Stay up all night learning as much you can at Wiknowlogia, since it's located in Ambray's basement, and you're already here
	B.  Realize you don't have time to read through endless scrolls, much less memorize them, so you try to figure things out for yourself.
	C.  Wander away, shaking your head at the astounding uselessness of this counsel.
	D.  Argue with Ambray, telling him you don't understand, and he sends you away empty-handed.
7.   (Index 6) You arrive at the outer gate to Harkeus' castle, but the gate is enchanted in a locked state.  The surly elf Noecanth of the Wood is the only one who can open the gate, but Noecanth is fast asleep and can only be awoken by a cupful of tears from woodland fairies.  You use your flask of fairy tears and rouse the sleeping elf.  Noecanth is now awake, but refuses to acknowledge or help you.  What do you want to do?
	A. Threaten Noecanth, hoping to intimidate him into helping you.
	B. Decide that if Noecanth won't help you, you don't want him to help anyone else, so you kill him.
	C.  Try to break down the door with your awesome brute force.
	*D. Bribe Noecanth with some of your delicious homemade pumpkin bread.
8.  (Index 7) Once inside the outer court of Harkeus' castle, you find yourself in a surreal 3-dimensional maze of obtuse structures that are linked to one another with random bridges and tunnels.  The apparent way to get to the end is to start traversing the links in the order prescribed by Harkeus' twisted imagination.  What do you want to do?
	A.  Begin slowly picking your way through the structures, as Harkeus' looks on and laughs at your frustration.
       B.  Call in the Eagles of Unusual Size to airlift you and your team to your destination.
	*C. Set fire to the flimsy wooden structures and charge directly toward the castle keep.
	D.  Attempt to analyze the maze in the hope of finding an elegant solution to the mess of links and nodes.
9.   (Index 8) You break into the keep, quickly dispatch with the poorly trained sentries, and charge down the spiral stone staircase.  You enter the dungeon, and immediately come face-to-face with the vile dragon Harkeus.  A drunk Attican pirate once told you that Harkeus' has a weakness: he can't see well in the dark.  You reach for the partial-invisibility potion you keep on your utility belt, but it must've fallen off during the fray.  Now what?? 
	A.  	
	B. 
	C.
	*D.  You cover your head with your towel, because if you can't see Harkeus, he thinks he can't see you either.

10.  (Index 9) use the magic sword of power to slay the dragon.
To win the game, you must barbeque the dragon and consummate your marriage to Princess Stephanie. 


